Somehow it This is a small Dragon Knight Haiku I
It is a game you pile up high
I will go so much where there is no Dragon
Increase the two people who decided to cute throat lean one person
This had been also facing was hidden from and a Oh no if there cute
I'll stand in the sky of the morning sky
Snipping game tons
Booby below Satirosu assortment
It will be really perfect
I think it is such a thing The first person to go on the mountain piled up as it is the gap
Going to the top is the first person to go to the first thing is that because it is Takehito
If you stand out and say that 8
I feel say dice increases loading of auspicious Roo children Yes
Please take at least one sound and love
I wonder if face to face at the time do with two people but is 3 Nyan going to end in either can be N reading
That's why
Tiny
Girls and just jugglers
Follow along
Dice dice
Duck that the first consideration is like nowhere to say Do not came out Nde not say say mayfly
Please load your favorite
It's okay to be tall, it 's kind of like you're fast but you win
It 's a daddy who always looks like she 's leaning on this middle part
I'd say the want to farewell was in this to Te or width and first entered was the
Love Chan'i Masu of this group shop occasionally
I think it's about going on next time, but first of all, basically that data
As I move on, I buy something that will replace my treasure , eat it, and enter the decommissioning time
'S 4 I Koyan to bother maybe seen Takeyama's eight-color Well then if falling rocks dropped
Hey
Hmm
If it's given, it's over there and reloaded there once more, yes
The state where it was crushed from the beginning is so thin 6
Basically, Hano I first're good proceed postcard was a go in do not gained anything
The other side of the people drop by sliding to medical school to water
I'm not looking forward to it-talk to the diver and I 'm sitting in a diver
Ah ah ah ah
Buber open ah ah ah understand hr like what i like to do
His wife gave birth to a sense of stability better here
Paspot Foot Phone
Stable After chanting the other world but this is the wind child I know Basically, this rule Tteyuu
But it will be deep and easy
So to give to choose the people who are sitting in front of the person who shook as such Toka advanced rules
Deadhead I Iiwaru 30 years please
Well then I should be different here
Enter it I Yes etc. do not drop was
This is variable
Can I have a pond
Yes distribute please Yes
It is a lung and a position here like this twice in early measles
No influence but it was hit not hit
Stay with a pet fan and try to start by your own voice
If it is visible from the other party was winning Awaka'
Who is the one who gets the key ?
Yes different Yappa'm there to do you Nde come there is no one to come to any convergence
Coming out
Last chai
You're going to see red ne
Thank you for your ancher
I have gained a lever
I know the key is keel
Nice good in Eve
Was I
This red ah I do not
Well Is this not enter ze'm why
みたいぇぇ If you have three turns failed and then you smashed yourself, please do something else
Cure soda's cute
There are a lot of gray blue
People
Kaikuu District will continue to try beyond the climb look-in
Try It is yes door so I also'm so that Oh Haidozo
Char I guess
There is a solid 2 2
I'm in the dark
The first was about the city Paris
I live on on me this is that sort of life may be the foundation without the person next to the Mamahare of
Brown egg car okay to live through the turn
Oh Well walnut does
Or I'll entered'll have higher
Yellow field
Because it said there was to non-degree
Kimi minute cheese Oh
Kure white
I see, yes please enter
It is Monosugo of whether the rise likely but
Abe is going to be a big thank you
Oh I know was I not had or not do, if that is not one-handed
Challenge size
I thought it might be too high Jean I want to luck up
That talent too high Rutte word is thought that a little high Ano'
Annual in this someone I was out of this a little more minute the real is I think that happens to about the height
It does not packed to be the height Oh this
Deliberately a little last Okkirosu please from the end is amazing I'm certain that Kedodda
It 's gonna be this
Because it is not that we will not stack one more
Yooｰ harsh I know it seems not become invalid state in Sun Tzu
I went there for a while now , but it was too much, I was a little more allied
Oh, it was a bit expensive.
I found this kind of game interesting